here's the voice of 2.3 million in Gaza
relentlessly reporting on the plight of
Palestinians living under blockade and
under Israeli
bombardment perhaps hoping that the
tragedy won't touch his own family it
did D's wife Amna his 16-year-old son
Mahmud his seven-year-old daughter sham
and his 18months old grandson Adam
killed in an air
strike in the blink of an eye where El's
life
crumbled prostrated in front of the body
of his son Mahmud wh says they are
taking revenge on our
children of course this is a disaster
right now a big tragedy especially it's
perpetrated against women and children
no more no less than a calamity large
numbers of people's houses
bombarded however this is the custom of
the Israeli occupation at the end of the
day we are on this land this is our
destiny well had moved his family from
the north to the noat refugee camp in
central Gaza heeding Israel's evacuation
order to head south but as he often
reported there is no safe place for
civilians in Gaza incl including his
family since October 7th D has been
telling the story of the unol suffering
of people about how thousands of
children lost their
lives this is not the first time Israel
has targeted Al
jazer in May 2022 Shireen abule was
targeted and killed by Israeli forces
while reporting in
Janine and a year earlier in May 2021
the building where the eljer bureau and
other International media were based in
Gaza was the aim of an Israeli air
strike where it voice could be heard
repeating the tower collapsed the tower
collapsed
and the bombing of the building was
condemned internationally as an attempt
to intimidate media it didn't and W
continued to lead the coverage under the
most difficult of I
conditions Palestinian journalists were
quick to send messages of
support a name that coins with courage
Integrity
professionalism and
resilience he is not just a reliable
source his ability to
unearth human stories from the besieged
Gaza Strip is
unparalleled I appreciate that very much
and I pay my respect respect to you
dear in this moment of shared
sorrow around the Middle East D is a
trusted household name seeing him in
immense grief will resonate among
Millions well beyond the border of Gaza
abdulhamid Al
jaaz and Al jazer has issued a statement
about the death of w alu's family
members it says the elazer media Network
extends its sincere condolences in
sympathy to our colleague guel on the
loss of his family in an Israeli air
strike Al jazer is deeply concerned
about the safety and well-being of our
colleagues in Gaza and hold the Israeli
authorities responsible for their
security the network strongly condemns
the indiscriminate targeting and killing
of innocent civilians in Gaza which has
led to the loss of wa alu's family and
countless others we urge the
International Community to intervene and
put an end to these attacks on civilians
thereby safeguarding innocent
lives Diana Buu is a Palestinian lawyer
who has known W since 2006 she told us
about him and his work as a journalist
in
Gaza I don't think that people quite
understand what what life is like in in
in the Gaza Strip um foreign journalists
are not allowed to enter into the Gaza
Strip because Israel bars them and so
all of the images all of the reports
that we see is coming from Brave
Palestinian journalists who are
literally risking their lives in order
to make sure that the world sees what is
happening and unlike foreign journalists
who if they can can come to a space they
have the ability to leave at the end of
the day Palestinian journalists have to
live in these spaces that have been so
decimated by Israel W is such a brave
reporter and every day each and every
Palestinian we refer to him as being a
mountain because he is unfaltering in
his in his coverage he he continues he
persists in in such beautiful classical
Arabic as though nothing can bring him
down there was there are some people who
always say if if if you think you're
having a hard day imagine what it's like
to be this is before his family was was
was killed and it's because he continues
to report with such eloquence with such
Grace to make sure that the world is
actually seeing what Israel is doing and
beyond that W isn't just an amazing
reporter but he's an amazing person he
is like so many of the other Palestinian
journalists who've opened up their
hearts their homes their spaces for so
many foreigners and to see the way that
that Israel is decimating this go this
this place decimating the lives of
people flattening the Gaz of strip in
their words with the world remaining
silent is such a criminal activity such
it's it's it's Criminal